KYB:
	Therefore, the enemies approach quickly for naval battle (and King Xerxes watches the battle with pleasure), 
	but I retreat, and the other Greeks retreat. 
	Suddenly, a female phantom appears, very fearsome.
	And I fear the phantom. 
	But the phantom says: 'O friends, why are you still retreating? Do not fear the Medes, but come to aid attack and be daring.' 
	And I sail forward quickly and no longer fear; the other Greeks also sail forward quickly and advance against the Medes. 
	And now we fight with order and in formation, but the barbarians fight without order and chaotically, since they do not have daring like we do.

.another paragraph
	Finally, of the Persians, some flee, while others remain and fall (die). 
	And of the Greeks, some pursue the Persians, while others capture the ships and the sailors. 
	And when the Athenians pursue the Persians, Xerxes also flees and no longer watches the naval battle. 
	Therefore, the Greeks become free because of their virtue. 
	Thus, the gods punish the hubris of the Persians and save the city. 
	And the Persians do not enslave the Athenians.

DIK:
	You speak well, O captain. 
	And now we know clearly and accurately about the Persian affairs (Persian Wars). 
	But now, great is the change  of affairs; 
	for then, on the one hand, the Greeks were friends to one another, but now they are no longer of one mind, but they hate each other because of the war. 
	Then there was concord (agreement) among the Greeks, but now hatred. 
	Alas, alas for the Greeks! Alas for the war!
